Documentation~/use-multiplayer-center.md, before:

# Use the Multiplayer Center window

Open the Unity Multiplayer Center window by selecting **Window** > **Multiplayer** > **Multiplayer Center**.
To use the Multiplayer Center, do the following:

1. Use the **Recommendation** tab to generate recommended packages and solutions based on your game's requirements and install them.
2. Follow the examples and resources in the **Getting Started** tab to use the packages you installed.

## Generate recommended packages for a multiplayer game

To generate a list of packages that meet the needs of the multiplayer game you want to make, do the following: 

1. Enter an answer to each question about your game specifications. 
2. Examine the packages that the Multiplayer Center suggests are the best solutions for your game.

You can change your answers to generate different recommendations. If the suggested packages don't match your needs, you can select which packages to install or ignore.

## Install recommended packages

Select **Install Packages** to install the packages you selected. Unity then installs these packages and their dependencies in your project and automatically opens the Getting Started tab.

**Important**: If the Multiplayer Center detects that you have already installed any other multiplayer packages, a warning dialog appears to cancel the installation of those packages. To avoid breaking changes, backup your project before you continue. If you continue with the installation, Unity installs or upgrades the selected packages but doesn't remove existing packages. This can cause compatibility issues. To fix them, manually remove the conflicting packages from your project.
 

## Get started with the recommended packages

The Getting Started tab provides guidance, examples, and resources to help you use the packages that the Multiplayer Center installs. Follow this guidance in order to set up and use these packages. The Getting Started content can change based on the recommendations you selected in the Recommendations tab.

Commit message:

com.unity.multiplayer.center@1.0.0-pre.2 ## [1.0.0-pre.2] - 2024-08-01
### Changed
- Widgets are now recommended for Netcode for Entities.

Documentation~/use-multiplayer-center.md, after:

# Use the Multiplayer Center window

Open the Unity Multiplayer Center window by selecting **Window** > **Multiplayer** > **Multiplayer Center**.
To use the Multiplayer Center, do the following:

1. Select **Game Specifications** to generate recommended packages and solutions in the  **Recommendation** tab
2. Install the packages the Multiplayer Center recommends.
3. Follow the examples and resources in the **Quickstart** tab to use the packages you installed.

## Generate a list of recommended packages for a multiplayer game

To generate a list of packages that meet the needs of the multiplayer game you want to make, do the following: 

1. Select a value in each **Game Specification** field. 
2. Examine the packages that the Multiplayer Center suggests are the best solutions for your game.

Hover over each package name in the **Recommended Multiplayer Packages** section to learn why each package is useful for the game specifications you selected.

The recommendations that appear in the **Recommendation** tab change immediately when you change any of the **Game Specifications** properties. 

You can select which packages to install or ignore. However, you can't deselect packages that are essential for the netcode solution or hosting model you selected.

## Install recommended packages

To install the packages the Multiplayer Center recommended, select **Install Packages**. Unity then installs these packages and their dependencies in your project and automatically opens the **Quickstart** tab.
To remove a package from the install process, deselect the checkbox next to the package name before you select **Install Packages**.

When a tick appears next to a package name, hover over it to learn which version of this package exists in your project. 

To install an individual package:
 1. Select the Open Package Manager icon next to the package you want to install. 
 2. In the Package Manager window that appears, select **Install**. 

**Important**: If the Multiplayer Center detects that any other multiplayer package is already installed, a warning dialog appears to cancel the installation of those packages. To avoid breaking changes, backup your project before you continue. If you continue with the installation, Unity installs or upgrades the selected packages but doesn't remove existing packages. This can cause compatibility issues. To fix them, remove the conflicting packages from your project in the [Package Manager window](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/upm-ui.html).

## Get started with the recommended packages

The **Quickstart** tab includes guidance, examples, and links to resources about the packages that the Multiplayer Center installs. Follow this guidance to set up and use these packages. The **Quickstart** content sometimes changes based on the recommendations you selected in the **Recommendation** tab.

The Quickstart tab organises this guidance into categories. Follow the instructions in each category from top to bottom to set up each package in your project.

Some packages have the option to import example setups to help you get started with their functionality. To modify a script asset that the Multiplayer Center imports, copy the contents of the script to a new file and change the namespace.
